0.  stdint.h — The header file declares integer types,
    which have a given size, have a given minimum
    size and which are the fastest when used.
    In addition to these, the standard declares macros that set
    the size of these types. The platform should support at least,
    a number of integer types of specified sizes.
1.  The uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t and uint16_t types is used in
    the program to save the memory and to make the program to work fast.
        You should use them if you know how big is the values that
    will be used in your program.
2.  BYTE - 8 bits.
    DWORD - 32 bits.
    LONG - 32 bits.
    WORD - 16 bits.
3.  By ASCII - BM
    By Decimal - 66 77
    By Heximal - 0x42 0x4d
4.  bfSize - keeps the total file size.
    biSize - keeps the strucrure size of the file.
5.  A negative number of the biHeight field means that the bitmap
    is a top-down and its origin is the upper-left corner.
6.  biBitCount
7.  Out of memory.
    A file is defended from writing.
8.  The third argument of the fread() function determines how many
    elements (of length number_bytes (the second argument)) will be read.
    The zero value means that the fread() function will read only one element
    of length sizeof(BITMAPFILEHEADER).
9.  3
10. The fseek(FILE *stream, long offset, int origin)
    function sets a position pointer in a file associated
    with stream according to the offset and origin values.
    Its main purpose is to support the input/output operations
    by a random adress. The offser argument is a byte-base shift
    from the position defined by origin to a new position.

    Функция fseek() устанавливает указатель положения в файле,
    связанном со stream, в соответ­ствии со значениями offset и origin.
    Ее основное назначение — поддерживать операции ввода/ вывода по
    произвольному адресу. Аргумент offset — это выраженный в байтах
    сдвиг от позиции, определяемой origin, до новой позиции. Аргумент
    origin может принимать значения 0, 1 или 2, причем 0 означает начало
    файла, 1 — текущую позицию, а 2 — конец файла. В stdio.h определе­ны
    следующие макросы для origim.
11. SEEK_CUP is a macros that means a shift from the current position.
12. TODO
13. TODO
14. TODO
15. TODO
16. TODO
17. TODO
18. TODO
